well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again Florida man vs. hurricane Dorian
first for the messages of concern thank
you
however Florida geography is very
strange if you've never been here this
is nowhere near me it's on the other
side of the state it's projected to hit
attack at 3 now my fellow Floridians I
understand it's only a cat 3 however if
the projections are right this is gonna
be the strongest hurricane to hit
Central Florida in 30 years also keep in
mind that they told us that Michael was
gonna hit us at a 3 or 4 and it hit at a
5 up here in the Panhandle where we have
a low population it's surprising it's
unlucky down there in Central Florida
where you have larger cities
that's unforgiving you guys all can't
get on the road at the same time if you
want to get out get out now to those who
decide to stay
yeah we're Floridians we know what to do
get your old people out make sure that
you have your battery pack for your
phone charged you'll for the generator
food water first aid kit any
prescriptions that you're on because the
pharmacies going to be closed don't do
anything stupid during the storm I'm
looking at you Gainesville Florida and
just generally stay safe ok we know what
to do we've done it before just do it
take care of everything also be prepared
to do it for a little bit longer than
normal the president has been siphoning
funds left and right from FEMA to pay
for his war on immigrants that's uh
that's gonna slow them down
even more and keep in mind up here in
the Panhandle it took us eight or nine
months to get federal funding after
Michael theme is not that great to begin
with as evidenced by their response in
every hurricane in the last 15 years
they are probably not going to do better
with less funding so just be prepared to
be on your own for a little while on the
other hand the state of emergency has
already been declared Florida National
Guard will be on scene as soon as the
dust settles and they did a wonderful
job up here but
be prepared to be on your own for a few
days and yes I do understand the humor
in the fact that it is Florida that is
having to deal with the shortfalls in
FEMA I understand that we are suffering
the brunt of all this money being
transferred to the wall the ice effort
that we because of our experiences here
in Florida we know that wall isn't going
to work we've all seen that ninety miles
of ocean doesn't deter the drive for
freedom for safety for opportunity the
desire to join the American family the
melting pot become part of the American
tapestry we know that 90 miles of ocean
won't do that I'm fairly certain that 30
feet of wall isn't going to do much but
it's the situation we're in and because
of that FEMA has less money so you just
need to be prepared everybody stay safe
anyway it's just a thought
you all have a good night